although st. Lucian's hood the rain
while he slept for many the sight that
greeted it's morning aftermath left them
indoors and battling landslides the
national emergency management
organization says flood damage has been
reported throughout the island in boujis
two bridges overflowed landslides were
reported in lab reinsurance l1 in
software made the rule impassable Julian
du Bois de namur deputy director says
there was also heavy damage reported in
an slurry in the community of an slurry
there are some flooding some houses were
flooded and the shelters had to be
opened as if there were a few people
outside the shelters in a little nuts
like that partially blocked the road in
the north primarily it appears to be the
issues of flooding some of the
communities i have just been reported in
the heavy rains and swollen rivers and
so on the effects of the rain could be
seen everywhere in Roseau animals and
houses remains under threat as did roads
similarly ones passable roads blocked
off communities and may travel a slow
and torturous process med services
director Thomas OG says the current
weather system is expected to continue
at least for another 24 hours we have
some good support in the upper levels of
the atmosphere so we have a lot of the
convection and rainfall over the
InnoCentive is in particular the winner
done central limit islands and this
rainfall is expected to continue for
some time perhaps guided by the memory
of the sorrowed man who lost his life in
the last hurricane while attempting to
save a cow Dubois is also cautioning
people away from attempting to cross
rivers the river maybe the current may
be a lot stronger than you anticipate
the river may be a lot deeper than you
think it is and we do not want anybody
to endeavour to to cross rivers go in to
save animals and so on that may be tight
close to the river
and in so doing losing the license owns
it wasn't something smart and do not do
anything foolish the Med Services
Director says this type of weather is
not unusual for the month of me at the
same time he says it provides
indications about the upcoming hurricane
season or he says solutions need to be
vigilant particularly people who live in
areas that are prone to flooding and
landslides usually when we have that
amount of rainfall leading up to the
organism we ask people to be very
cautious because on the day the topsoil
might be remain such a little penises on
this country of a number of hazards like
flooding and last night so we really
want to be very cautious the predictions
are for slightly above normal cyclone
season this year above normal cyclone
activity so we will ask people in very
cautious sound particularly people in
low-lying areas the Met Office has
advised listening for weather updates
similar information can be obtained on
the weather hotline for five four three
four five two and on the Met services
website w WS Lu metu VLC car me Joseph
HTS news channel 4